In here you'll find guides on how to do things with modules on Foundry specifically tailored to the SWADE system. Those guides are **not related to SWIM** but you might find them useful regardless. Just ignore them if you have no interest in the modules presented on this page.  
  
# Building in three dimensions (Levels & Wall Height)
[The Ripper](https://github.com/theripper93) has a whole lot of exciting modules for Foundry VTT but [Levels](https://github.com/theripper93/Levels) is particularly intriguing as it lets you build maps in three dimensions without having to mess with three-dimensional assets. If you want to do that for your system let me tell you two things:
1. It makes prep-time explode somewhat as you'll have to put a lot more thought and effort in creating your maps, but
2. it is not as difficult as it sounds and is so worth the extra effort.  
So before you read any further, please read the whole [Wiki for Levels](https://theripper93.com/wiki/index.php/Levels) as it is very informative and explains you everything you need to know to use the module. But there is one major thing that makes it acting weird for SWADE and that is the height range of your levels. By default Wall Height will calculate your tokens size by the size of the grid and that's fine for DnD and other games with such grids. Not so much with SWADE as you usually have a 1 inch grid size. That means that the automatic calculation assumes your tokens are just 1 inch in height and if you follow the instructions on the wiki your first level is 10 inch in height. So that doesn't work well.  
What to do now? Well, it's not difficult at all but a bit harder to track: Your levels should be set to a height of 2 which works really nice on SWADE. So your first level (ground floor) will be 0/2, the second floor will be 2/4, the third 4/6 and so on. These numbers proved to work well for me as it leaves ample room for regular sized humanoids to enter rooms, works nice with range calculation and is not too much. The token height of regular (Size 0) humanoids will be 1 (which comes down to about 1.8 meters). Size 1 tokens should be around 1.1 or so, which is leading us to the next important thing to keep an eye out: Decimals.  
Fortunately, Levels and Wall Height works nicely with decimals. So a wall that is hip high should be set to 0.4. This is a good value for railings and such. Tokens will still be able to leap over them.  
And that's basically it. Make sure to watch the [Baileywiki video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xmGxEkmJblE) on the topic as it is quite helpful.